Is he my soulmate?
What's up? Hey!
Nothing.
Wait.
I was dreaming about this?
What's going on with me?
I'm sorry.
That's alright.
How could I dream about him?
It's late. Don't you go to bed?
You couldn't sleep because you're thinking of me?
You're speechless? So you really are.
Nope. What about you? Why didn't you sleep?
I couldn't sleep so I'm looking for someone to put me to sleep.
You want me to play with you and you don't even play back?
What's on your mind?
Nothing.
Or you have a nightmare?
That's alright.
What's wrong with you? I'm not a cockroach, you don't have to act so disgusted.
I just washed my hair and you touched it. I don't know what you touched before.
I'm off to bed now.
Wait.
Don't you wanna say Goodnight, baby?
I've gote some tea to spill.
Go on.
I don't know where to start.
Just start it.
I really don't know how.
Then don't.
Please. Can I just pretend to be shy about it first?
So annoying. What it is?
I mean I've been dreaming about Pom from sales for a few days now.
I had a dream that I kissed him.
I think that I keep dreaming about him because I have a crush on him.
You sure? I think you keep teasing him so he shows up in your dream.
Nope. I think I've been dreaming about him because I really like him.
If you're so sure about this, then why do you ask us?
I just want to make sure if you ever feel the same.
When you have a crush on someone, do you dream about them?
I do. I had a dream about my boyfriend when I started to flirt with him.
I had a dream that he kissed me.
What about you? Have you? Got kissed?
Me?
What did you expect from him? He hasn't had a crush on anyone.
Exactly. Dao tried to set him up on many dates and you didn't even like one of them. You said they didn't like your mom.
Why don't you try to have a crush on someone?
I'm sure you're gonna dream about them.
I ask everyone about this type of dream, and they all have the similar experience.
That's right.
Aside from dreaming, do you have any other way to check if I really like someone?
What?
What're you looking at?
Are you having a crush on someone? Why do you want to know?
When Dao finds a girl for me, I could use this method to see if I really like them.
It's not that hard. When you're getting close to them. Your heart will beat like this.
This beat means you really like them.
What type of heartbeat in that kind of rhythm?
Let me tell you, when I got cozy with my boyfriend for the first time,
just a little touch on the hands and my heart was about to leave my chest.
You slut! A man touched you for the first time and your heart beat fast?
Don't you?
I do. I have the same feeling with every man but I've never tried it with Pom.
I think I need to find the way.
Just go to the hospital and have ultrasound to check.
I'm not pregnant.
Then we need to find ways to get closer to them, so we'd know if our heart beats that way.
Welcome.
Hold on a second.
How could I get closer to him?
He's normally sitting there and I'm standing here. It seems too far away.
What's going on?
We can stand up and talk. There's no need to act like a boss all the time.
Sure. What's up, pal?
You said you don't want me to act like your boss so I act like your friend.
Or you don't want me to act like your friend?
But you'd rather want me to act like your boyfriend?
Fine. I'm not messing with you.
I know that this pal doesn't like to be messed around at work.
What's up?
How could I start? Should I pretend to be fainted and have him held me?
That's crazy. I can't do that or he would know for sure.
Hey, you keep staring at me. You won't say a single word?
Don't tell me that you're talking to a ghost in my room again.
I'm gonna talk to you about 5.5 promotion, are you cool with it?
I think we've done with the promotion for a long time.
I've put this online already. How can I not be okay with this? Right?
Right. I forgot about that. I mean 6.6 promotion.
Did I tell you that I'm gonna do 6.6 promotion?
Or a ghost in my room whispered in your ears again?
Focus. I need to be more subtle or we could see through me.
Your body's temperature is normal. There's no fever.
So what do you want to talk to me about?
Suttirak? Narong wants to see you.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
Why did I feel numb when he touched me?
Did my heart beat fast earlier?
I didn't pay attention.
Damn it, I need to find another chance to get closer to him?
How could I find another way?
Should I trick him to write his wish and hang it by the tree?
So I could touch his hands?
Nope. Too obvious.
Uncle Jod, come take a look at Diao.
What's going on?
He has been walking around like this for a while.
Or should I asked him to sit down, then I can sit beside him?
Nope. Too obvious.
Is he on drugs?
Well, he's not you.
What's wrong with me?
Why don't you go ask him about it?
You're worried about him or you just want to know what's going on?
Well, I'd bad on the latter part, maybe I'm worried about him.
Hurry up / Come on.
Little Diao, is something on your mind? You can ask me about it.
Don't bother the holy spirit. He has a lot on his mind already.
Nothing. There's nothing going on.
Nothing? I saw you mumbling and walking around by yourself.
If I hadn't known you better, I'd have asked the police to take you.
Well, I'm not on drugs.
You're stressed out from work.
Nope.
You're fighting with Rak?
It's not about work, not in a fight with Rak? Or is it about love?
You're speechless like this so you have a fight with your girlfriend?
You're in a relationship?
Or you're not but you have a crush on someone?
Hey!
Hello.
Hello / Hello.
You said you have something to say to me. Why did you run off?
What's going on? We can talk here.
Can I have a cup of Americano and brownie?
Same ? / That's right.
Do you want anything?
I won't order anything.
So I could have some of his brownie and ask him to feed me.
I can see if my heart beats normal.
Nope. I don't want anything .
Let's have a seat.
He has someone to talk to. We're useless here. Let's get back to work.
What do you want to talk to me about?
Let's talk about work at the office.
You said that you can separate work and personal stuff.
We're off work now. So we shouldn't talk about work, right?
Sure. Do you want to watch a movie together?
You don't want to talk about work.
I'm coming.
Americano / Thank you.
And brownie.
Thank you.
What should I do to make him feed me?
You keep watching my brownie like this?
Are you pranking me with salt again?
Nope. I was just wondering that
you only order brownie when you're here.
My name means love. If I love something, I'm not gonna change my mind.
Do you want some?
Here. I can feed you.
Would my heart beats fast?
Thank you.
What're you looking at? Lovers are feeding each other.
If you want some, why don't you ask Rak to feed you?
What did he do wrong?
Why do you make him feed you?
Nothing. I just want him to taste this.
Here.
So you're a little puppy and you have no hands?
I mean if I had no hands
and you fed me like this, I'd love to be a puppy too.
I couldn't do it here if Dao's around.
You're looking at me like this but you say nothing.
Are you cursing my dad? Don't forget that we have the same dad.
You're really cursing my dad if you look at me like this.
This is so good.
Please. Help yourself.
Why do you have to be in the middle of this?
I almost find out if my heart beats fast for this.
How could I find another way to get closer to him?
Rak is not here?
He is. I saw him at Uncle Jod's café.
Where're you going?
I'm worried that I could fail my English test so I'm gonna study at my friend's.
You're gonna study or play games?
Playing games? You shouldn't ask.
I was just kidding.
I'm gonna study for real. I don't want to fail this test. I don't want to disappoint my brother.
We can find out if you really study or play games after the test result comes back.
I really am going to study.
But if I took the test and failed,
I finished all of your food.
it would be on the tutor, not me. Okay?
So you need to buy some more foods. I'm leaving, bye.
Rit!
Can I use your kitchen?
He asked to use my kitchen like this? So I have a chance to get closer to him.
Why're you smiling?
Nope. Suit yourself.
You've been acting strange since you were in the office.
Are you planning another prank on me?
I should make some jokes to see if he talks back.
Then he'd get closer to me.
What're you cooking?
I'm cooking bones for you.
I forgot. Dogs can’t have bones or they would get sick.
Well, he's gonna come scratching my chin.
Why didn't he do it?
What should I do next?
Are you turning on the hood? Do you remember how?
Come on, let me teach you.
When he pushes the button, I'm gonna say that it is wrong.
Then I'm gonna touch his hand and push it again.
Then I could check if my heart beats fast when our hands touch.
Come here.
The hood is broken. I couldn't open it.
So I open your windows instead.
It's broken?
Why now? Why?
Can you help me prepare the food?
Sure thing. What do you want me to cut?
You're so nice. Are you planning another prank on me?
You don't like it when I'm nice? You want me to be moody? I can do that.
I like it that you're nice to me.
Can you help me cut this?
You need to cut like this.
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna let Diao stop dating for sure.
You're gonna see your grandchildren.
I need to go. I need to talk to your future son-in-law.
Okay.
Are you cooking?
That's right.
Why don't you tell me?
It should be a wife's job, not a husband.
Well, my father is here.
What're you cooking?
Chicken Tom Yum.
I don't know which one is spicier, me or your food?
You need to try.
It's hard to tell if you're a human or a spirit.
You don't respond to any of my flirty message.
What now? You're speechless.
My heart beats fast because I like him or I'm nervous?
What's wrong with him?
Ouch / Hey!
I'm sorry.
Your hand is so red. Let's go to the doctor.
Get the key.
Key? Key?
Let's go.
I'm so sorry.
How're you feeling?
My right hand is hurt but my left hand can still work.
Good. You can use your good hand to hold me.
If you're gonna make joke like this, you should apologize to him instead.
Fine.
I'm so sorry.
That's alright.
I finished your chicken spicy soup already.
You should have dinner with him.
So you could heal his hand.
Where're you going?
I'm gonna go see the village office.
They want me to cater for praying section.
I'm gonna talk about the foods.
Please take care of my husband.
If it's not about money, I wouldn't have left you like this.
Get better soon.
This is the chance to see about the reason of my heart beats.
You're smiling like this to me again.
What's it? Is it about me?
Are you happy that I'm hurt?
Nope. I'm not that cruel?
Why don't you wait for me inside? I'm gonna bring food.
Medicine.
If my heart still beats fast, then I think I have a crush on him.
Why did you arrange the table? Your hand is hurting and you're gonna drop something.
My right hand is hurt by my left hand can still work.
If you want to take care of me, why don't you hurt my other hand?
So you could have an excuse to take care of me.
Who wants to take care of you?
I'm doing all of this for Dao.
Don't you feel bad for me?
You should eat something so you won't talk.
Why did I say that to him? In case he makes fun of me or scratches my chin,
I'd know if my heart beats fast.
I should find an excuse to have him scratched my chin.
Can you pick up a spoon? Or do you want me to feed you?
Can you feed me?
Your left hand is working, you should do it by yourself.
I saw you smiled since the hospital.
Dao's cooking is less spicy than yours.
You still remember my food?
Who wouldn't? You were so mad at my for throwing away your soup.
It's hard to forget.
Let me do it.
I'm gonna have meat and you can have bones.
I'm not you. I don't like to eat bones.
He's not gonna scratch my chin. Fine, I'll pretend to be annoying.
Why did you eat like this?
I'm sorry. Ouch!
Ouch!
I'm sorry, I don't mean to. I was just gonna pretend to walk away.
Look at my thumb.
I'm sorry.
Do you mean to hurt me so you could take care of me?
Are you crazy? I'm not.
Here.
I was feeding you already. Why do you still want me to take off your clothes?
You hurt my hand.
I hurt your left hand's thumb.
Dao hurt the right one.
That's right. But if my thumb hadn't hurt, I would have been able to unbutton my shirt.
Now it can't be working properly, how could I unbutton my shirt.
You want me to do this?
It's like crab, searching for something to eat.
You need to help me unbutton my shirt. I need to take a shower.
This is the chance to see about the reason of my heart beats.
Fine.
I think I really like him.
You should take a shower now.
Thank you.
Not a problem. Call if you need anything.
Do I really like him?
This is obvious.
What obvious?
I met Pom at Move On and I got closer to his chest.
My heart beats so fast. I think I like him. I like him.
You came here just to tell him this?
That's right. I'm gonna have a boyfriend and my friends need to know.
I'm gonna have a boyfriend.
I know that you like Pom
but does Pom like you back?
He may think of you as a friend.
That's true. I should go back to Move On
and see if Pom likes me too. Let's go.
Wait. If you're here just to say this, why didn't you call Diao?
It wasted my call fee.
Well, this wasted my gas fee.
Your gas, not mine. Let's go.
You evil.
You came here just to make my house dirtier.
Wait / What?
Did you take a good care of Rak?
I did.
Mom called earlier.
She told me to let her know when you're free.
Pang, mom's friend's daughter, will visit Bangkok.
She wanted Pang to visit when you're free.
She wanted you to meet her to see if you two could get along.
Okay?
What does he feel about me?
Why would I want to know about this? Mom wouldn't allow.
It can't be possible.
Rak.
Toon.
I haven't seen you for ages. Can I have a hug?
Who's this bitch?
Toon is Rak's ex.
His ex is here. Do you think they want to repeat the history?
Get out.
I'm sorry to wake you up.
I'm not asleep.
What're you doing?
We're about to do it but someone made a noise.
You shouldn't say that in front of him.
It seems like you care about him a lot. Do you like him?
If Toon asks me to go back to her, what would you say?